# Java Records

JDK 14 introduces records, which are a new kind of type declaration. 
Like an enum, a record is a **restricted form of a class**. 

It’s ideal for "plain data carriers," classes that contain data not meant to be altered (immutable) and 
only the most fundamental methods such as constructors and accessors.

**Records are immutable data classes that require only the type and name of fields.**

The `equals()`, `hashCode()`, and `toString()` methods, as well as the private, final fields and public constructor, 
are generated by the Java compiler.

_Example_: Java Record (immutable data class)
```Java
public record Person (String name, String address) {}
```

## Constructor
Using records, a public constructor, with an argument for each field, is generated for us.

_Example_: Equivalent constructor 
```Java
public Person(String name, String address) 
{
    this.name = name;
    this.address = address;
}
```

If you want your record's constructor to do more than initialize its private fields, you can define 
a **custom constructor** for the record.

_Example_: Custom constructor
```Java
public Person(String name, String address) 
{
    java.util.Objects.requireNonNull(name);
    java.util.Objects.requireNonNull(address);
}
```


## Getters
We also receive public getters methods, whose **names match the name of our field**, for free.

_Example_: Equivalent getters: `name()` and `address()` 
```Java
    private final String name;
    public String name()
    {
        return name;
    }

    private final String address;
    public String address()
    {
        return address;
    }
```

## HashCode and Equals
Additionally, an `hashCode()` and `equals()` method is generated for us.

* The `equals()` method returns true if the supplied object is of the same type and the 
  values of all of its fields match.

* The `hashCode()` method returns the same value for two Person objects if all of the field 
  values for both objects match.
 
## ToString
We also receive a `toString()` method that results in a string containing the name of the record, 
followed by the name of each field and its corresponding value in square brackets.

_Example_: Equivalent `toString()` 
```
    public String toString() 
    {
        return "Person [name=" + name + ", address=" + address + "]";
    }
```

## References
* [Java Language Updates: Records](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/14/language/records.html)
* [Java 14 Record Keyword](https://www.baeldung.com/java-record-keyword)

*Egon Teiniker, 2020-2022, GPL v3.0*
